README.md, before:

PHPOptparse -- A command-line option parser for PHP

PHPOptparse is a PHP port of Python's optparse module. Its interface tries to
be as similar as possible to that of its Python counterpart.

How to use
==========

Simply drop the optparse.php file in your project directory and include() it.
Then, create an OptionParser object and add options with the add_option()
method. When all options are set up, parse the options with the parse_args()
method. The object returned from parse_args will contain all the values from
the command line as attributes corresponding to names given to the "dest"
parameter to add_option().

Example:

    // called with: ./my_program -b 4

    $option_parser = new OptionParser(array("version"=>"meuh 1.2.3", "description" => "lalla", "epilog"=>"patate"));
    $option_parser->add_option(array(
        "-b", "--booh",
        "dest" => "gah",
        "metavar" => "<the thing>",
        "type" => "int"
    ));
    $options = $option_parser->parse_args($argv);

    // here $options->gah contains 4

License
=======

The PHPOptparse library is licensed under the GNU GPLv2. The full license text
should be shipped with the code in a file named LICENSE. If not, you can find
the full text online at the following URL:

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt

Commit message:

Add unit tests for Option's constructor.
Verify that building an Option object with default values will result in
the correct state.
Verify that missing or incorrect values will trigger an exception.
Verify that an inconsistant state will be marked with an exception.

Update the README to show how to run the unit tests.

README.md, after:

PHPOptparse -- A command-line option parser for PHP

PHPOptparse is a PHP port of Python's optparse module. Its interface tries to
be as similar as possible to that of its Python counterpart.

How to use
==========

Simply drop the optparse.php file in your project directory and include() it.
Then, create an OptionParser object and add options with the add_option()
method. When all options are set up, parse the options with the parse_args()
method. The object returned from parse_args will contain all the values from
the command line as attributes corresponding to names given to the "dest"
parameter to add_option().

Example:

    // called with: ./my_program -b 4

    $option_parser = new OptionParser(array("version"=>"meuh 1.2.3", "description" => "lalla", "epilog"=>"patate"));
    $option_parser->add_option(array(
        "-b", "--booh",
        "dest" => "gah",
        "metavar" => "<the thing>",
        "type" => "int"
    ));
    $options = $option_parser->parse_args($argv);

    // here $options->gah contains 4

Running the tests
=================

The 't' directory contains unit tests for classes contained in the PHPOptparse
library. To run the tests, use phpunit in the following manner:

    phpunit OptionTest

License
=======

The PHPOptparse library is licensed under the GNU GPLv2. The full license text
should be shipped with the code in a file named LICENSE. If not, you can find
the full text online at the following URL:

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt
